Let us proceed the developing of aequitas.
Now that I have implemented a new layout (you missed this one, but nothing so different, just colors).
I want to begin this day by fixing all functions, and the biggest of them all:
The standard chart of accounts.
This is the main service I was hired for. So it is paramount to the rest of the functions I will deliver, making aequitas looking like a QuickBooks alternative to the company.
The client's name will be changed to respect He's privacy, but let us call Him Bob.
Bob has 8+ companies, of management, Real Estate Development, Holdings -----
He approached me on Upwork and complained to me about the current accountanty's lack of communication and availability.
I informed Him that I neeeded to assess the situation after gaining information, via QuickBooks, Slack, and other access. 
After my evaluation, I had a second meeting, in wich I estated that altought He had many companies, there is no way to review them all at once - Like the hability to zoom in and out - Quickbooks does not even show all companies on the same screen, let alone a dashboard. With this observation, I launched a proposal: a dashboard that collects all companies' data and shows an informative and visually appealing-easy to understand dashboard.
He liked the idea and pointed out Google's Looker Studio.
-And now I would like no make a note: Between us, He's solution was good... But we want challenge and I visualized, and that's my point of view' that He would save a lot of cash with QuickBooks and receive a centrul HUB of operations.-
Back to the story: 
But after the looker proposal, I pointed out that altought all of the companies under He's umbrella where managed by the same accountancy, they weren't standarized enough to culminate on a common category, thus we needed a step back and standarize them all.
This point is important for He tested my research, thisi is what He wanted all along, but was waiting for me to propose.
So we needed a Standard Master Chart of Accounts. He agreed firmly and pointed out that He has OCD, so even the capitalization of letter should follow a standard. Also, the accounts didn't had codes.
This is how the central idea for the US_GAAP_Accounting_Workbook.xls
From the cross check of all companies came the chart of account, crude on .xls but 70% done on enriched_master_chart.csv
After doing the backbone I've decided to improve the deploy method/slash visualization by Bob, that's how ChartForge came about.
Now, after doing ChartForge working, at least visually, I've decided to make a bold move: create **aequitas** to:
Subtly, Bob by seeing aequitas, realizes that aequitas is all He needs, for Him and other... You know that this is a possibility, and our aim is to improve the odds in aequitas favor.
